src/pages/faq.md, before:

---
keywords:
  - Creative Cloud
  - API Documentation
  - UXP
  - Plugins
  - JavaScript
  - ExtendScript
  - SDK
  - C++
  - Scripting
title: Photoshop API FAQ 
---

import '../customizations/index.css'

<Hero className="custom-height" slots="image, heading" variant="fullwidth" background="rgb(12, 50, 63)" />

![](images/Adobe_io_illustration_banner_3x.png)

# Frequently Asked Questions


<TitleBlock className="custom-text-alignment" slots="heading, text" />

## How can I provide feedback about the API or contact the team with questions?

Please reach out to [psdservices@adobe.com](mailto:psdservices@adobe.com) - we’d be happy to hear from you!



<TitleBlock className="custom-text-alignment" slots="heading, text" />

## What type of storage can I work with?

You can retrieve and store files using S3 from Amazon Web Services, Adobe Creative Cloud storage, Dropbox, and Azure.



<TitleBlock className="custom-text-alignment" slots="heading, text" />

## Is all of Photoshop available? When do you expect to roll out features like gaussian blur or content aware fill?

Not yet. For now, please refer to the documentation for a comprehensive list of available features.



<TitleBlock className="custom-text-alignment" slots="heading, text" />

## What are you working on now, when can we expect to see new features?

We are constantly looking to add new features and will keep you up to date with the latest features as they become available.


<br/>
<br/>

Commit message:

updated strings and added links.

src/pages/faq.md, after:

---
keywords:
  - Creative Cloud
  - API Documentation
  - UXP
  - Plugins
  - JavaScript
  - ExtendScript
  - SDK
  - C++
  - Scripting
title: Photoshop API FAQ 
---

import '../customizations/index.css'

<Hero className="custom-height" slots="image, heading" variant="fullwidth" background="rgb(12, 50, 63)" />

![](images/Adobe_io_illustration_banner_3x.png)

# Frequently Asked Questions


<TitleBlock className="custom-text-alignment" slots="heading, text" />

## How do I purchase and what’s the cost?

We can work with you individually if you’re interested in purchasing the APIs. Reach out to [psdservices@adobe.com](mailto:psdservices@adobe.com) for more information.


<TitleBlock className="custom-text-alignment" slots="heading, text" />

## What kind of storage can I work with?

You can retrieve and store files using Adobe Creative Cloud storage, S3 from Amazon Web Services, Dropbox, and Azure.


<TitleBlock className="custom-text-alignment" slots="heading, text" />

## Is all of Photoshop available?

Not all Photoshop features are available right now. New features will be added to the API in the future. Please refer to the [documentation](https://developer.adobe.com/photoshop/photoshop-api-docs) for the full list of available features.


<TitleBlock className="custom-text-alignment" slots="heading, text" />

## How can I provide feedback or ask questions?

Please reach out to [psdservices@adobe.com](mailto:psdservices@adobe.com) or leave a post in our [community forum](https://community.adobe.com/t5/photoshop-developers/ct-p/ct-photoshop-developers?page=1&sort=latest_replies&lang=all&tabid=all).
We’re happy to hear from you!


<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
